To Do List:
1. (✅Done)update the Sidebar.tsx under the "My Orders" button, the number badge should not be hardcoded as 4 it should actually show the numbers of active orders in the my-order.tsx page
2. (✅Done)Correct the Home button on other pages from routing to welcome page instead they should rout to index.tsx the main home
3. (Victor) there should be a admin control that switches the restaurant on and off for working hours manually and automatically so customers can't make order closing period
4. (✅Done)Make sure it's not all back button action that actually takes user the the previous page, e.g in case of where a user logs out back button shouldn't just suddenly take them back to the previous page with their account signed in
5. (✅Done)fix when "offers & promo" button or any other button is clicked in the sidebar when navigating to the that page it either has a sort of faint overlay ash color cover the whole page or solid color blocking everything in that page 
6. (victor✅) the rating stars is not reflection in admin dashboard after user rates an order
7. (✅Done)the mini menu for editing is showing all prices as ₦1
8. (victor✅)fixing the isAvailable logic for menu items "Hey Victor, when you toggle an item to 'off' in the Admin dashboard, the /api/menu/items endpoint completely removes the item from the JSON array. Can you update the endpoint so it still returns all items, but changes the isAvailable boolean to false for sold-out items? We need the items to still appear in the app UI, just visually greyed out and unclickable."
9. (✅Done)let the theme of the app be light mode by default 
10. (✅Done)Stop buttons from activating more than once even if user clicks it several times before the button rout to the next page. this is because currently when user clicks a button more than once when the next page opens and user wants to go back they will go back to same page because they opened that same page repeatedly 
11. (✅Done)why is it that when i click a package in the details page default price in the QuickEditPackage is ₦0 then when i deselect and select that item again then the actual price appears 
12. change the default image that the a menu item has if admin forgot to add an item image from that basketball image to something food related probably the bwari kitchen logo 
13. (✅Done)in the my-order.tsx make it that user can switch from active orders to past orders by just swipping the page left or right
14. (✅Done)when sign out button is clicked either sidebar.tsx or profile.tsx it should actually sign the user out instead of just routing them to login page cus right now after siging out and the app is closed and reopened it still goes to unlock page as if the user was prviously signed in before the app was closed
15. (victor✅) is the star rating for orders functioning?
16. (✅Done)creat a new component that appears when "sign out" is clicked that asks "Are you sure you want to sign out of Bwari kitchen?" the opions Yes and No
17. for the package and menu images make a loading effect when their yet to fetch the actual image for that item also generally creat loading effects for any other thing like package details texts
18. (✅Done)in the sign up page under password input section make that it will have a kind of must have features before the password will be accepted like showing message under "password must be up to 8-characters" etc
19. (Victor)it's like cart packages are being saved to phone memory or something even when i created a new account on signig up successful the account already had items in the cart that i added when i was logged in on another account before20. (✅Done) in the promo page instead of the "copy code" button let it be copy icon so that there would be enough space in case of long promo code
21. (✅Done) in the sidebar the sign out button does not have allowance for the phone's navigation bar 
22. (✅Done)the location area in the home page at the very top should show the selected address not "Select Location" and on new opening of the app the location that will show there will be the default location 
23. (Victor) in the admin dashboard in menu page when creating a new package after adding a discription then saved the package, then in the main customer app the discription on the details page was showing a hardcoded discrition aside the perticular discription i just added to that new package
24. (✅Done)(Suggestion single items shouldn't even have a details page) but if they must have when a menu item is searched and clicked after taking them to the details page for that single item, on the buttom bar it's suppose to say "add to package" not "add to cart" so the user can create a package with that menu item. but it is ok for it to say "add to car" when it was a combo package that was clicked. also on a single item details page after clicking the "add to package" an option list should slide from the bottom and show "add to existing package" in case they've already started creating package before they searched an item, second option should be "add to new package" then below the second option there should be a warning note to tell them that if they had an existing package before it will be lost.
25. (Victor) the profile image for users is not saving in the data base after log out and login the profile image disappears 
26. (Victor) the admin page is too sluggish it will frustrate them
27. (✅Done) ON changing location on checkout page or home page the newly changed location shouldn't automatically change to default location onless they change it right from Manage Addresses page
28. (Victor) In the admin menu page under items, the list of items is not scrollable to the right on mobile view. it should be just like the categories list is scrollable to the right on mobile view
29. (🚩Need confirmation)in case of a situation where admin completely deletes an item in the menu page of the app the item disappears that's good but in the combo package in home page and packages in cart they stay as if nothing happened then when i want to edit a plate that the item no longer exist the item name becomes "unknown item" only whe i want to edit that a user can realise something is wrong with that particular item
30. (✅Done)The image in QuickEditPackage.tsx above "Your package is empty" is not showing the right image which is "../assets/images/Icon&logo/empty-package.png"
31. (✅Done) Don't forget to remove the user testing feadback feature when ready for real build for official lunch version
32. (✅Done)Add a home button in every page's topnav
33. (❓🤔Does this make sense???)notification should automatically mark as read once user enters the notification page
34. (Victor) admin should be able to tag a package as brakefast, lunch or dinner recommended package 
35. (✅Done) (Victor) when admin change price for a particular item and a customer click reorder in the past order which have the old price, on click of "place ordre" it throws an error saying "Menu item {the item name} is not available". instead of the reorder to automatically update the price for that item. so basically because a data for that item was changed it then assumes the item doesn't exist because it was reordered from an out dated order price. maybe i can fix this from my end with a logic that tell the reorder button to refetch the current prices and other info for that order 
36. (Victor) the switch off button in the admin customers page, what does it do. cuz i thought it was supposed to deactivate a customer but i don't think that works....(08/08/2026) Ooo it actually works but it doesn't log them out, they have to log out first then try to login again before it denies then access...let me try to fix this from my end so that when admin deacticates a customer it automatically logs them out instantly. 
37. (Victor) add a loading feature to the admin page so user will know what ever they clicked is processing to prevent double or more repeated action...make sure when loading user 
38. Change your brand name to fioWeber or something more cool and unique 
39. (Victor) In the admin dashboard the "total revenue" section it shounldn't be that only successful payment on paystack will be calculated, what if an error occurs and customer got debited but paystack sees it as pending or failed and admin then confirms the payment the forcefully change the order status to confirmed that means that order won't add up in the dashboard's total revenue calculation 
40. (Victor) Need of push notification to alart customer on their phone
41. (Victor) Can you make the admin to be able to create more than one user access so that when checcking the activity log they can know which particular admin did whatever whenever
42. (✅Done) Create the user agreement and privacy policy on sign up. Also is the checkbox for user agreement and privacy policy necessary for the login if not remove.
43. (Victor) let's integrate the "forgot password?" section.
44. (Victor) in the personal info page let us rethink on a perfect system for changing phone number i think they should have a number of changes then before they will have to contact support to change or till another period of time again something like that. let's just put this section into concrete thought.
45. (Victor) Should user be able to delete their account??
46. (✅Removed that button...Since for now we only have one payment option (Paystack))Payment method option in the profile page is not routing to a valid page 
47. (✅Done) In the favorite page it is not updating it's grid card with live data...when i added a package to fav when item was unavailable, after that item was available, in the fav page that grid card still shows that an item is not available in the package.
48. (Victor) There should be an error message that says something like "This email is not registered with Bwari Kitchen" in caseses where a user without an account tries to login, also check there should be appropriate error massage that shows for various scenarios like bad network etc. 
49. (Victor) Let us add delivery code on active orders so rider can confirm that order belongs to the customer by inserting code on rider page customer give...
(✅Done...i've updated the ui)we are adding a secure OTP system for order handoffs. Can you please:
*Generate a random 4-digit deliveryCode whenever an order is created and save it to the database.
*Include that deliveryCode in the response when the frontend calls GET /api/orders.
*Create a new endpoint for the Rider/Admin app where they can input this code to verify and successfully mark the order as 'Delivered' or 'Picked Up'."*
*Once you're done remove the (|| "8492") so the real code (order.deliveryCode) can appear in the my-orders.tsx page
50. (✅Done) the wlcome, login and sign up page are repeating themself when you click back button because i've entered them motiple times from one page to the other click on "already have an account? Sign in" and "Don't have an account? sign up" so ones i've navigated on this pages from each other when i press the phone's back button it then goes back to them again and again before it finally lands on the welcome page 
51. (Victor) Let us not forget to resolve the: 
*(partially ✅Done)save address features,
*push notification feature, 
*home page slide show and 
*the track order status feature.
52. (✅Done) phone's back button is not exiting the app when user is logged in instead it is going to welcome page before it then exits the app 
53. (✅Done) in the details page the grid card under the dinner for you section...when i click those card's "+add" button it will act as the main "Add to cart - {prise}" button for that particular package details, instead it should actually add the recommended dinner package card to the card...right no matter what the recommendation is the dinner for you side when "+add" is clicked it adds the main package that owns that details page 
54. Ask client if there's a no refund policy, if YES so i can update the FAQ in help.tsx to this 
"
{
    id: '3',
    question: 'I received the wrong item. What do I do?',
    answer: 'We apologize for the mix-up! Please take a picture of the food you received and contact our Customer support immediately as provided above so we can process a replacement.'
},
"
55. (✅Done) fix ui theme for the form modal in saved-addresses.tsx
56. (Victor) when i applied a promo code to a checkout it didn't reflect on the paystack price.
57. Make sure to update the user agreement and privacy policy according to the client's approved taste
58. (Victor) does the backend save the cart data? if not please it should
59. (✅Done)the orders in profile page is not showing the right total numbers of order history it only shows 0 when empty and 1 no matter how many. make sure it doesn't calculate orders that are pending or cancled
60. (Victor) Fix the 404 error in the admin page
61. (Victor) There should be a print receipt feature on the admin to print orders receipt 
62. (Victor) Work on the delivery fee, it's not refleccting on the customer app
63. (Victor) for the search page use should be able to search by categories also eg. "Drinks" then all items under drinks will appear
64. after user clicks a search under "others also searches" that search eg. "Jollof Rice" should auto fill the search box with same "Jollof Rice" instead of leaving it empty
65. Fix the accuracy of get location feature it is very poor currently

Future updates:
1. 


Checked ✅:
1. I updated components/DraggableOrderButton.tsx to only glow red when there's an active order (this triggers instantly after checkout).
2. I updated app/my-orders.tsx to auto-refresh instantly when the page is opened, and silently check for order status updates every 15 seconds while the user is looking at it.
3. I updated context/NotificationContext.tsx to silently fetch new notifications every 30 seconds in the background, so the bell icon updates live without having to go to the notification page and refresh first.
4. I updated the app/checkout.tsx so that by default the "No Cutlery Required" option is switched off then on switch on it automatically fills the "add delivery note box" with "No Cutlery Required"
5. I rearranged the GridDishCard.tsx from [{category || name} {rating}],[{name}],[{price} Add] to  [{name}],[{category || name} {rating}],[{price} Add]
6. I created an in-app browser that handles the paystack url instead of redirecting to phone browser which also fixed some errors concerning checkout process
7. I added Sizes.tsx to dynamically scale in or out the theme size of the whole app


User testing feedbacks 
1. (Feature removed ✅)When I tried biometrics and thought the all crashed just to see it was loading. Maybe add a loading screen?
2. (✅Done) Also when I tap to search for my address. The tab doesn't rise so I can't see what I'm typing (the keyboard is covering the text input section)
3. (✅Done) (in the cart page) I was first confused why my total was just 2500 then I realised I had to tap on the picture of the food. Not just any part of the tab but the picture itself to select that package. That's annoying 
4. Also, it took me a while to find the cart icon. Maybe put it where you put the my orders. Or when they open the app for the first time there is like a quick tutorial of where all the buttons are.
5. (Feature removed ✅)the response time for the biometrics is too slow. The dark mode theme no fine but white mode make sense
6. (✅) Ur app works well, u did very well and I love the user interface
7. (Victor) Ok my order is taking time maybe network shall another thing is that it's showing me my current location but I myself can't confirm the current location if it's what I mean
8a. (Feature removed ✅) (From Client) The unlock feature is not necessary, there's nothing to protect
8b. (✅) So customer can't order without creating an account?
9. (✅Done) Nice app bro. All working well. Issue I noticed, The input boxes should go up along with the keyboard, so you can see what you are typing. Nice work !
10. (Victor make sure the backend has quantity for packages) I selected a 6k package in the cart and increase the quantity to 3 that is 18k total, but after clicking place order in the checkout page i saw "...Pay N6,000" also in the my orders page the price there is also something different...Summary the math is not mathing.
11. (✅Done) (from help page) From this frequent question what about adding when someone plays an other due to network he was debited but the receiver wasn't credited
12. (from profile page) This refer and earn how will the customer get the money , if it will be there maybe there should be a wallet in the app some one an send money directly to the app. (✅Done????)At that orders showing 24 I clicked it 👉🏻...Comes out empty (change the hard coded number of order in the profile page from 24 to actually show total numbers of orders customer had placed in that account)
13. (✅Done)(in the home page)There are no categories for soups and bakes sir. (this is because home and menu share same categories list so even though packages have not been created under bakes and soups it will still show but say "This category is not available in the Kitchen"...instead it should be that when there is no package under those categories the category shouldn't show at all in the list even though that category exits in the menu).
14. 


IOS UI/UX problems
1. the slide down to load for the index page is not working it is just over sliding the page that the red greeting section totally slides down and start showing the white background of the app but it is working fine on android...Note:the menu, favorite etc pages slide down to reload feature are working just fine 
2. the reload spinner is not showing on the home page 
3. the slide down to load for the details page is not working it is just over sliding the page that the item or package image section totally slides down and start showing the white background of the app but it is working fine on android...Note:the menu, favorite etc pages slide down to reload feature are working just fine